[openssl] add 3.6 (#8619)
captn3m0/endoflife.date: products/openssl.md

        eol: "End-of-Life"

# EOL dates and LTS infos on https://www.openssl.org/policies/releasestrat.html

> # Starting with 3.5, we plan to designate an LTS every two years.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Starting with 3.5, product plans to designate an LTS every two years.
```

Reviewer: we => endoflife :)

Author: yeah, I would assume that would be a straight quote, but yeah, I can change the wording a bit.
